Updating Image max sizes (#4337)
mattermost/docs: source/help/messaging/attaching-files.rst

Up to five files can be attached per post.

The default maximum file size is 100 MB, but this can be changed by the System Admin.

> Images have a max size of 6048px x 4032px OR 24 megapixels, roughly 36MB as a raw image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Image files can be a maximum size of 6048 pixels x 4032 pixels, or 24 MP (mega pixels), or a raw image file size of approximately 36 MB.
```
